## Project Summary:

***LATEST: project restructure with 2 services in one repo Dec 29th, 2025***

Moonramp allows users to create crypto wallets with their current holdings and manage selling strategies for each coin/token based on various metrics. Application allows users to plan for Dollar Cost Averaging selling or strategic sell points (% increase, price targets, etc.).

- Service 1: tor calls CoinMarketcap API endpoints and updates the database with up to date data for each identified coin/token.
- Service 2: Web application allows users to create wallets, add coins/tokens, set sell points and manage strategies. 

## Build Info:
- Built in go 1.25.X
- Uses John Barton's [dotenv](https://github.com/joho/godotenv)

## Services:

### Service 1: collector

relies on 3 internal services: 
1. Mapper: Utilities to generate Coinmarketcap ID's map used by the Ticker service to fetch data for each coin/token. Uses DB, API call and fallback map for failsafe implementation.
2. Ticker: Fetch up to date data for every coin/token in ID map generated by mapper. Makes API call at set interval and stores data in DB. 
3. Coins: Keeps track of coins and their CMC ID's for ticker to build queries and update DB. 

### Service 2: website

Web server and public facing application.

## Setup/Run:

Both services and a DB need to run for application to function. 

- Clone the repository
- Get an API key from [Coinmarketcap](https://coinmarketcap.com/api/)
- Rename .env.example to .env
- Add your API Key to .env CMC_API_KEY=
- In .env, set the time interval for the API call based on how many credits you want to spend. Default set to 120 seconds for ticker.
- Run in command prompt: 
    ```shell
    docker-compose up --build
    ```

